Quick sypnosis
The Valiant Knight story happens in a fantasy world where technology is at an era of medieval warfare.
In this world, the humans are one of the only known intelligent race on the planet. The story take place on the continent of Nazali.
The humans living in Nazali do not know of any other continent or part of the world aside from Nazali itself. To the north of Nazali, deadly cold and terrifying monsters makes traveling impossible for humans. To the south, an unending desert bars the way. To the west, boiling waters destroy any ships trying to move through the ocean. To the east, a fog so dense that no ship ever came back from it as killed any hope for Nazalians to find new lands.
Nazali is separated in multiple countries, all ruled by a king. At its center, the Medea'Nora's king, Jarvict, rules over all of Nazali.

In the past years, Nazali has been attacked by dangerous monsters known as the Ebena'Ir. These monsters, unlike the usual critters found around Nazali and its surrounding, are very well organized and are attacking Nazali with a goal that is yet unknown to the humans.
King Jarvict created an elite strike force known as the Valiant Knights to fight the battles his army cannot and to discover the source of the threat. The Valiant Knights are therefore above the laws and their only purpose is to eliminate the Ebena'Ir's threat and protect the innocents at all costs.

In this story, there are 3 main characters.
Jayson, second in command of the Valiant Knights, Alicia's lover and Valiant Knight of the first generation.
Alicia, Jayson's lover, former apprentice and Valiant Knight of the second generation.
Alexi, commander of the Valiant Knight and Valiant Knight of the first generation.

This chapter being mostly about Alicia and Alexi, I'll avoid going too much into details and focus on those 2 characters.

Alicia's story began on a new-year celebration in her native village. She saw her entire family slaughtered before her as her village was attacked by the Ebena'Ir.
After spending a night hidden in a hole under a house, the Valiant Knight found her as the sole survivor of this village. Immediately, Jayson felt has if he was connected to her somehow. 5 years past with multiple things happening such as Alicia finding that her brother was still alive and having to put an end to his life has his brother was nothing more than a shadow of his former self after being tortured for years by the Ebena'Ir. Over the years, Alicia and Jayson fell in love with each other and after a night together, Alicia became pregnant with Jayson's baby, Rosalia. 2-3 months after that night, after a fight against an Ebena'Ir mage,  Jayson fell off a cliff into the mist sea and was presumed dead. Alicia fell into a depression. She then gave birth to Rosalia and took care of her for the following 6 months until this point of the story. This next chapter continues the story.
Alicia is also one of the only 2 person in Nazali with the power to control magic (excluding the Ebena'Ir's mages). The other one being Gretor, King Jarvict left hand and grand-mage of Nazali.
As for Alexi, he has been Jayson's best friend and greatest rival. They have nurtured a friendly rivalry together and has been best friends for the last 10 years ever since a certain event occurred during their training as Valiant Knight. Alexi also fell in love with Alicia but never told anyone about it. He was jealous of Jayson for it and ever since Jayson died a year before this part of the story, he promised himself to protect Alicia in his honor. That even if he loves Alicia, he would never do anything to betray his best friend.

As for other characters, Lance and Amanick are both first-generation knights.
Mickaël, Aragon, Valorian and Orelie are third-generation knights.
Tristan is a second-generation knights.
Orelie was Alicia's apprentice.

There currently are only 3 generations of knights with the third one having been knighted less than a year ago, the second 6 years ago and first one 11 years ago. Each generation are separated by 5 years, the time required for training.
The fourth generation not yet chosen.

At this part of the story, there is only 3 first-generation knights alive out of 8, 3 second-generation knights alive out of 8 and 8 third-generation knights alive out of 8.
So hum...
1st: 3/8
2nd: 3/8
3rd: 8/8

Valiant Knight - Heart of the night
Chapter ? : The darkness of the abyss

...

"As of late, the Ebena'Ir's attacks in the north increased drastically." Said Alexi, pointing at the location on the map placed on the war table. "In five days, we will go on a mission there in order to find the source of these attacks. If we find an Ebena'Ir's base there, we will..."
Alexi was suddenly interrupted by Rosalia's cries.
On the other side of the war table, sitting next to Lance, Alicia was desperately trying to calm her baby. Every eyes turned toward her.
"Calm down Rosalia, mommy is here." She whispered to her while kissing her tiny cheeks.
Seeing how her baby wouldn't stop crying and that the young knights present in the room were starting to get impatient, Alicia rose from her seat and left the room.
"I am sorry." She said before disappearing through the door frame.
The silence came back in the war room.
"... Like I was saying, in case we find an Ebena'Ir's base..."
Alexi was interrupted once again, but this time, it was Mickaël whom had rose from his chair to talk.
"How can you accept this?" He screamed.
"Accept what? That you are interrupting me while I'm talking?" Replied Alexi as he leaned on the table with an angry look on his face.
"How can you accept that Alicia and her damned kid disturb like that?!" Exclaimed Mickaël.
Alexi stood up, taking a deep breath trying to hold his anger, but Mickaël kept on going.
"You accept that her and her baby interrupt your speech in the middle of a meeting, but if me or Aragon or even Lance would have interrupted you, you would of been mad at us! I'm not the only one here who is tired of Alicia!" Several knights of the third generation acquiesced with a nod of the head to Mickaël's saying.
"She's completely useless! She slows down all of us!"
"Enough!" Yelled Alexi, his face burning with rage. "Alicia is an exemplary knight whom proved herself many times. I won't hear another word about this subject." He said, smashing the table with his fist. "And it's an order!"
Mickaël growled in discontentment to Alexi's response before sitting back on his chair. Visibly, he was protecting Alicia and that didn't please him. But, he couldn't do anything against his commander's orders.
Alexi placed his gaze back on the map. Mickaël was right and he knew it. Alicia was slowing down the knights work. Ever since Jayson's death, she wasn't the same. And with her baby, she won't be back to combat any time soon. Alexi didn't know what to do. He couldn't remove Alicia from the knights. He had to help her overcome Jayson's death... Jayson... Despite the jealousy he had in regard to his relation with Alicia... Alexi sighed before continuing.
"If we find an Ebena'Ir's base..."

...

Alicia heard everything of the confrontation between Alexi and Mickaël. Backed on the wall, several meters from the door to the war room, she was rocking her baby in her arms, looking at the ground with an empty gaze. She knew that Mickaël was right. She was nothing more than a weight for the knights and she was especially a nuisance to Alexi. She was the cause of all these tensions between the knights and if it kept on going like this, some may even die because of her. She moved away from the door and went in direction of the knight's hall.
Rosalia deep asleep in her arms.

...

Alicia arrived in the hall. Looking around, she didn't see anyone. She went to sit down in a armchair close to the fireplace in order to rock her baby. In a snap of her finger, she lit the wood logs already place in the fireplace and slowly rocked the armchair while looking at the flames. Jayson was missing her. She was so tired... Not a single night passed since her lover's death where she didn't cry. Her slumber constantly cut short by nightmares and Rosalia's cries.
Alicia was completely lost in her thoughts when the other knights entered the halls, discussing. Upon entering the room, Mickaël saw Alicia alone near the fireplace. He motioned to Aragon to follow him and went toward her, stopping in front of the seat, crossing his arms. Alicia lifted her head to see who it was. Seeing that it was Mickaël and Aragon, she said in a weak voice.
"What do you want?"
"For you to get the hell out of here." Menacingly said Mickaël.
Alicia rose up from her seat dejectedly. Without a word, she made for the exit.
"You think you can just leave like that without saying anything?" Growled Mickaël, visibly unhappy that she reacted like that.
Alicia stopped to turn around, a confused look in her face. Every knights in the hall stopped what they were doing to attend the scene.
"I... I don't understand..." She said.
Mickaël uncrossed his arm and moved closer toward her.
"Us, the knights, we had more than enough of you and your damned kid." He said, moving  closer and closer, pointing at her in a menacing way.
Alicia moved back slowly until she hit the wall, Mickaël still walking toward her.
"Why don't you two just leave, eh? The knights would be a hundred times better off without you here!" He said in an ever heinous voice. Mickaël was now only a few feet from Alicia. Cracking his joints to intimidate her. Alicia was scared. Without thinking, she lifted her arm toward him, protecting Rosalia with the other. With a swift movement of her hand,  she created a massive magical gust of wind that sent Mickaël flying off his feet.
"Leave me alone!" She screamed, eyes closed, as the young knight violently hit the floor several meters away.
Mickaël painfully got back on his feet, his right leg damaged by the heavy impact.
"You damn witch..." He said has he rolled back his sleeves.
Alicia turned toward the wall, protecting Rosalia.
"Mickaël!" Alexi appeared suddenly in the hall, rushing toward the conflict like an enraged demon. Mickaël rose his hands in the air to plead his innocence. As Alexi reached the young knight, he grabbed him by the collar and lifted him off the floor.
"Attacking another knight is against the rules!" Alexi  screamed, barely a feet away from his face.
"She's the one who attacked me with her dark magic!" He protested.
Alexi looked at Alicia with a puzzled look. He knew that she would never use her magic if it wasn't to defend herself or someone.
Lance approached the scene in order to speak up.
"I saw everything. Mickaël threatened Alicia and she simply defended herself."
Alexi fixated Mickaël, rage boiling in his eyes.
"I'm warning you, if I ever find you causing any more trouble, I'm personally kicking you out of the Valiant Knights. Am I clear?" Hissed Alexi.
"Yes... yes, very clear commander. I'm sorry commander." Said Mickaël without protest, afraid of Alexi's wrath.
Alexi dropped him to his feet, pushing him in direction of the exit.
"You're on cleaning duty for the rest of the week, starting now. Now go!" He said.
Without a word, Mickaël left the hall limping from his wounded leg. Alexi walked to Alicia, gesturing to the other knights in the room to go back to their business and leave them alone. Lance came close to the two knights.
"Are you alright Alicia?" Asked Alexi.
The female knight didn't say a word. She was starring at the ground, a defeated look in her eyes. She was feeling guilty for what just happened. Seeing that Alicia seemed troubled, Alexi placed his hand on the young woman shoulder to comfort her.
"Hey, don't worry. Mickaël won't bother you anymore, I promise." He said.
"You shouldn't have punished him... After all, it's my fault if he's angry..." She mumbled, still looking at the ground.
"Don't say that Alicia..." Said Alexi.
"It's not your fault!" Added Lance. "These youngsters have absolutely no respect for their elders! You are a shining example of a true Valiant knight and you deserve to be amongst us more than anyone!"
Alicia sighed before moving toward the exit.
"And if I wasn't here right now, everything would be better..." She finished before exiting the room, leaving the other two knights behind.
Lance looked at Alexi.
"I'm worried commander." He said.
"I already told you a thousand times not to call me like that Lance." Alexi sighed.
"Comman... Alexi, these young knights are wrong to hate on Alicia like they do. But in the end, it's true that right now she is a weight for the Valiant Knight. The death of Jayson affected her a lot and with her baby..." On those words, Lance stopped speaking. He looked at the ground in shame. He knew he was right, but he didn't want to be right. For him, just like every knights of the first and second generations, Alicia was irreplaceable. She was, is and always will be that little fragile girl they found in her devastated village. This little girl that gave him and all of the knights hope for a brighter future. For Lance, Alicia was a source of inspiration. The memory of a young broken and shattered girl who manage to go through the worst pain and sorrow the world could have inflicted upon her to become a strong woman who fought to protect others from the same fate. Lance swallowed before continuing. He already regretted what he was about to say. Slowly, he uttered the words that no one amongst the first and second generations of knights would dare say. "She cannot be a Valiant Knight anymore..." This was heart wrenching for Lance to say, but he knew that he did the good thing by saying it. "... at least for now. We need to give her time so she can raise her kid and recover from losing Jayson." He added.
Alexi was fixating the door where Alicia left. He opened his mouth, about to answer to Lance when Amanick joined the two of them.
"Sorry to disturb you but... I..." Amanick scratched his neck, carving every word he was about to say before letting them fall. "Listen Alexi, I know that you refuse to kick Alicia from the knights and I wanted to tell you that I absolutely agree with you on this. Alicia doesn't deserve that. Not after all that she lived through. Not after all the lives that she saved. And... I thought about it for a long time and I believe that she isn't the real problem we are facing. It's..."
A thud echoed through the room, interrupting Amanick. It was a table that broke under the weight of Tristan who got pushed by Valorian.
"You think that you are always right huh?" Yelled Valorian toward Tristan.
The knight rose back to his feet, pushing the table debris off of him. He fixated Valorian, fire in his eyes and ready to fight.
"And you, who do you think you are for insulting other people like that?!" Barked Tristan.
"Why do you even care? I wasn't talking to you anyways!" Replied Valorian.
"You think you can simply insult her openly like that without anyone saying a word about it? You little brat, I'll show you how to respect your elders!" Said Tristan, boiling with rage.
"Don't talk to me about respect! You think she care about respecting others? She doesn't give one crap about the other knights! She just want attention!" 
On those words from Valorian, Tristan leaped like a tiger on its prey, swinging his right fist directly toward the young knight's face. As the impact seems inevitable, a hand blocked the attack, making a loud slam noise that resounded in the entire room. His fist buried deep in Alexi's palm, Tristan slowly moved back, knowing too well what was about to happen...
Every knights in the room stood still, not daring to move even a muscle. Alexi was standing between both knights, his face had turned scarlet with anger. An heavy aura was emanating from him, crushing everyone's will to act. The beast was awoken...
"Two-hundred push-ups... NOW!" He yelled. Every knights placed themselves in position and started doing push-ups without ushering a single word.
Alexi was breathing heavily trying to contain his rage. He looked at every knights one by one before stopping on Amanick. With the sign of his hand, he ordered him to stop and stand up. The knight stood at attention, waiting for the rest of his commander's fury to unleash.
"Tristan and Valorian." Fires of rage were burning brightly in Alexi's eyes. "Both of you will do two hundred extra push-ups. As for the other, every single one of you are going straight to your room once you are done with this. And if I dare see anyone leave their room..." He stopped, making sure to gaze at each one of the knights before concluding. "I'll personally take care of you."
He turned back to Tristan and Valorian and leaned toward them.
"And if I find you two fighting each other again, I'll rip both of your heads off your shoulders myself before kicking you out of the Valiant Knights. Am I being clear enough?" He said with an evil grin.
Tristan and Valorian looked at each other, scared to say anything.
"AM I BEING CLEAR?" Yelled Alexi.
"Yes commander!" Quickly replied both knights.
Alexi stood up and signaled to Amanick to follow him out of the room.
Both of them exited the hall, leaving the other knights to their punishment. Not a single word was ushered in the hall this evening and every single one of the knights silently walked back to their room after finishing their push-ups.

...

Alexi entered in his room followed by Amanick. The knight stood at attention, waiting for Alexi to say something. The knight's commander pulled up two chairs and asked Amanick to sit down, which he did without complaint. Alexi's rage was over. His eyes which were previously burning with fury were now filled with worry.
"I'm listening Amanick. Tell me what you were about to tell me in the hall." He said.
"Sorry for what happened back there."Said Amanick.
"Don't worry about it, it wasn't your fault. Go ahead, tell me everything." Answered Alexi.
"Well... to tell the truth Alexi, what I wanted to tell you... well." Amanick paused, thinking about which words he should use before continuing. "All of this, what just happened in the hall, that's what I wanted to talk to you about." Alexi frowned, moving closer to make sure he didn't miss a word. "Alicia isn't the problem in all of this Alexi. The problem are the knights... the Valliant Knights are destroying themselves. Ever since Jayson's death..." Amanick swallowed before keeping on what he was saying. "Jayson was the link that united all of the knights together. Without him... The knights simply aren't the same."
Amanick words hit Alexi like a hammer.
"You are right..." He simply answered.
Alexi could see it now. He could understand. The problem wasn't Alicia... she was only a scapegoat in all of this. He was so focused about protecting her that he couldn't see where the problem really laid. Jayson's death didn't only affect Alicia and him. All of the knights were affected. Those of the first generation were torn by the lost of their brother and those of the second generation lost their greatest hero... as for the third generation, most of them saw their elders as men who were too preoccupied and inapt to perform their duties as Valiant Knights.
Alexi rubbed his eyes. He was tired.
"Amanick..." He said.
"Commander?" Answered the knight.
"Thank you for opening my eyes." Finished Alexi.
Amanick placed his hand on his commander's shoulder before standing up and going toward the door. He stopped midway to turn toward Alexi.
"No problem Alexi. I know you have a lot on your shoulders. If I can help you in any ways, just tell me. I'll..." The knight was interrupted by a knock coming from the door.
"I thought I told everyone to stay in their room..." Sighed Alexi before getting up and trudging towards the door.
He opened the door swiftly and... no one. He took a look outside. Left. Right... Nothing.
Suddenly, cries resounded in the dark hallway. Alexi looked down. At his feet, Rosalia, Alicia's baby, was there, wrapped in blankets, sitting in a basket.
Every muscles of his body stiffened. He took the basket by the carry handle and stood there for several seconds, frozen in place. Suddenly, he turned toward Amanick, a desperate look in his eyes. He thrust the basket in his arms before sprinting outside.
"Take care of her!" He screamed has he disappeared in the dark of the castle. Amanick, confused by what just happened, looked at Rosalia. A paper Alexi dropped on the ground caught his sight.
He picked up the paper to read it.
"Alexi, I cannot live like this anymore. I am a dead weight for the knights, for you and for myself. Please take care of Rosalia, for where I'm going, I won't be able to do it. Farewell. - Alicia"
Amanick dropped the paper, shocked by what he just read. He tried in vain to calm the baby as he sprinted toward the throne room. The king needed to be warned about this.

...

Alexi rushed through the massive entrance hall of Valiant Keep, not even seeing Mickaël who was just about finished with his cleaning duty. He didn't care. He had to stop Alicia from committing an act from which there was no going back. He jumped off the steps leading to the castle's main entrance, accelerating with each and every one of his heartbeat across the castle's courtyard. After leaving the castle, he ran for several minutes until he reached the place where he knew he could find Alicia. Without waiting, he sprinted to the top of the hill that rose before him. At its summit, he could finally see her. Alicia was standing at the cliff edge overlooking the Solace Lake. Alexi yelled.
"Alicia NO!"
She couldn't hear him. Lost in her thought, she was speaking to herself.
"Jayson... I miss you so much. Soon... Soon I will join you my love." She said, gazing at the watery abyss below her.
"Alicia!" Alexi hurtled down the hill. He was but thirty meters away from her. "Alicia don't do it." He screamed.
"Don't come any closer." Said Alicia, still staring toward the abyss.
The knight stopped, not wanting to startle her.
"Alicia please..." Added Alexi, raising his arm, trying desperately to reach out to her.
Alicia slowly turned her head toward him. As her eyes met his, Alexi froze, overcome by a wave of emotions. Like an arrow to the heart, Alexi was pierced by the pain and anguish that was beset upon her. He could see it in her eyes. A gaze, empty and cold, void of anything but painful memories... Never had he felt such sorrow, such distress. She was there, standing at the edge of the road. The very road that was her life. There was nothing down this road but an ever expanding howling abyss trying to catch up to her, patiently waiting for her to fall. After so many years, her life which was shattered during that fateful day of the new year's celebration, where death took everything away from her and destroyed all that she knew of the world. She had finally broken. She finally reached the end of the road, a dead end, the howling abyss catching up to her. Even after surviving through the depressions, the nightmares, the nights without sleeps, the anxiety and sorrow, the anger and rage, the suffering and turmoil...After being pushed to the edge by her peers, judged by her elders, pointed at and insulted... After seeing her brother broken, enslaved by those who destroyed her life. After putting an end to his life herself to deliver him from his suffering. Him who died in her arms... She survived through all of this with her head held high. She fought to the very end and never gave up... Alexi could understand now... Understand why Alicia was so in love with Jayson. He was the only one who always believed in her, the only one who was there for her when she was suffering, who held her hand during those sleepless nights, who gave her the comfort of his arms when she saw her brother die... He was the one who reached out to her for the first time and never let her go. And now... now, everything that was left of her world collapsed beneath her very feet, as she stood there, powerless to save the one she loved, the only reason keeping her from falling into this abyss at the end of her road. Jayson was dead, and with him, Alicia died.
Alexi arm faltered. He knew that no matter what he said, there was nothing he could do to save her. There was simply nothing left to save. There, thirty meters from him, overlooking the abyss, stood not Alicia, but an empty shell, a prison for a soul that only wanted to be freed. A soul that wanted to find back everything that it lost.
"Alicia..." His voice couldn't reach her.
For the first time since he became a knight, tears appeared on his cheeks. A feeling that he thought he would never feel again stabbed him straight into the heart. A mix of powerlessness, anger and sadness. He had completely lost control over the situation. Him, who always knew what to do, no matter what he faced. He now stood at an impasse that he could never cross. He was stuck.
Alexi didn't notice Mickaël who was standing several meters behind him. Standing still, frozen in place, his eyes were fixated toward Alicia. As if he was stroke by the same suffering emanating from her that had his very commander stuck, powerless. He regretted every words, every gestures, every thoughts he ever had against her. Never would he have thought... he never wanted to... he wanted to implore her to not do it, to not jump... But he couldn't. No words were coming out. He didn't dare, scared that he would only cause her to commit to the act. He didn't want her to die.
Alicia turned her gaze back toward the abyss. Closing her eyes, she let her frail and exhausted body slowly swing forward. Alexi dropped to his knee,  pushed to the ground by an unknown force that wouldn't let him save her.
Alicia leaned forward, her feet finally detaching from this cursed ground that was keeping her chained to this world, her body falling toward the darkness of the abyss... toward freedom.

"ALICIA!" Alexi's scream tore through the night sky. He drew from whatever energy reserves he had left to fight against this force that pinned him to the ground. Desperate, he rushed toward the cliff, screaming so loud he could feel his lungs burning from the lack of air. He couldn't hear the sound of his voice anymore. The world around him was swirling and he could only see Alicia's torn face before him. Reaching the end of the cliff, Alexi dropped to his knees, his vision blurred by tears. Nothing. He couldn't see anything. Alicia had disappeared in the depths of the nocturnal abyss.
He tried to scream but no sound could be heard. His throat burning from the pain that pierced every inch of his body. He smashed the ground with his fists in vain hopes that he could free himself from this suffering that was tearing him apart.
He looked up to the sky raising his hands toward it, trying to grasp at the night afore him, finally letting loose a sound. A scream, from the very bottom of his soul, letting the torment that was devouring him from inside freed into the cold ruthless night.
Placing his hands on his head, Alexi could feel every veins of his skull about to explode. He stayed there for several minutes, suffering. At the bottom of the hill behind him, Mickaël was still standing. He hadn't move an inch. His body refusing to answer. Lost in his thought, assailed by a feeling of guilt that was thumping at his brain. Having lost consciousness of the reality that surround him, he could see Alicia falling off the edge over and over again in his mind.
"You..." Finally said Alexi.
The commander stood up, desperately trying to control his broken body.
"It's your fault... It's your fault!" Screamed Alexi, turning toward Mickaël.
Like an enraged bull, he rushed toward the young knight, battering him violently and projecting him to the ground like a ragdoll.
"It's your fault that she died!" Scream Alexi, lifting his fist, ready to strike him with all of his might.
His muscles blocked. His arm didn't move. He couldn't manage to strike him. After several seconds, he slowly moved away from Mickaël who was still fixating at the void, completely lost.
Alexi hiccupped.
"Killing you a thousand times won't bring her back..." He said between two more hiccups.
He sat down, both arms numbed between his legs in front of him. He looked at his hands, desperately searching for a way to wake up from this terrible nightmare.
Several minutes had passed. Mickaël was sitting, his gaze still lost and shaking as he was trying to find something to hang on to.
At the top of the hill, Lance appeared, followed by Amanick. They ran down the hill with haste as King Jarvict, Gretor, Ogmar, Fahrur and the other knights as well as several royal guards showed up.
Lance sprinted toward Alexi.
"Alexi! Where is Alicia?!" He said, kneeling next to him, panting.
The commander didn't say a word. Head pointing down, hiding his tears, he rose his shaking hand, pointing toward the cliff where Alicia fell. Lance stood up, placing his hands on his head, refusing to believe that this truly happened.
"Oh no..." He said, not knowing what to say.
"Alicia. No, no, no. Shit this can't be true..." Said Amanick as he arrived next to them.
The other knights quickly made it down the hill, surrounding the two sitting men. Orelie kneeled next to Alexi, hugging him to try to relieve him from the pain that was eating at him.
"It's my fault..." He blurted.
"Alexi no..." Said Orelie.
"Alexi, it's not your fault! No one could have stopped this!" Exclaimed Amanick.
Alexi detached himself from Orelie before quickly getting up and starting to walk slowly toward the hill, pushing aside any knights standing in his way.
"It's my fault... It's my fault... It's my fault." He kept on mumbling over and over again.
"It's not your fault Alexi!" Screamed Lance as he gripped his commander by the arm.
Alexi turned around, furious, pushing Lance to the ground.
"IT'S MY FAULT IF SHE'S DEAD!" He shouted with rage. "Everything that is happening is all my fault!"
His eyes started twitching rapidly. Breathing heavily, his entire body was shaking. "The quarrels, the fights, the insults, the tensions, the anger, the hatred, the suffering, the pain, the death... the death... the death..." Alexi sniffled. "It's my fault that Alicia is dead... I should... I should have been there for her... to... to protect her."
His legs gave up on him. Lance, who managed to get back up, catch him on his fall. Alexi was exhausted. He finally burst into tears. There, in Lance's arms. Several minutes went on has Alexi cried his pain away. Every knights stood still, helpless to their commander's sorrow.
"Jayson would have known what to do..." He finally said before letting loose from his friend. Getting back on his feet, Alexi turned toward the hill and started his walk back to the Valiant Keep. There was nothing left for him here... Nothing left. Everyone followed him in silence.
Gretor was the one who stayed behind. Looking at the cliff where Alicia fell, he closed his eyes, rubbing his long grey beard.
"In the heart of the night, seeking the lost man she leave." He said before reopening his eyes and starting to make his way back to the castle.
"I'll need to prepare myself for a long trip tonight..." He sighed. "And I have a feeling this night will be a very long one.
...
